.TH BTGCLI 1 "28 May 2007"
.SH NAME
btgcli \- bittorrent client, part of the btg project.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "btgcli" 
[-o 
.I "<filename>"
]
[-u 
.I "<URL>"
]
[--nostart]
[-l]
[--noutput]
[--command 
.I "<command>"
]
[-A]
[-a]
[-s 
.I "<session ID>"
]
[--config 
.I "<filename>"
]
[--dht]
[--no-dht]
[--encryption]
[--no-encryption]
[-v] 
[-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "btgcli" 
is a console bittorrent client. Ncurses is used for screen and input handling.

If started without any arguments, it will attempt to connect to the
daemon (btgdaemon) and start a new session.

After the client connects to the daemon and initializes, it will
present a prompt which can be used to enter commands. Type "help" at
the prompt to list available commands.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BI "-o" 
.I "<filename>"
\- Name of a torrent file to open after initializing the client.

.TP
.BI "-u" 
.I "<URL>"
\- URL to open after initializing the client. The URL should point to a torrent file.

.TP
.BI "--nostart" 
\- Do not start torrents after opening them. The default is to start a torrent after it was opened.

.TP
.BI "-l" 
\- List running sessions.

.TP
.BI "--noutput" 
\- Do not output anything. Useful in connection with --command.

.TP
.BI "--command" 
.I "<command>"
\- Execute one or more commands, separated by ";". To list available commands, type "help" in the client. For the syntax used, type "syntax <command>" in the client.

.TP
.BI "-A" 
\- Attach to the first available session.

.TP
.BI "-a" 
\- Show a list of sessions and let the user choose which session to attach to.

.TP
.BI "-s" 
.I "<session ID>"
\- Attach to a session described by the session ID.

.TP
.BI "--config" 
.I "<filename>"
\- Name of a client configuration file to use.

.TP
.BI "--dht"
\- Enable DHT.

.TP
.BI "--no-dht"
\- Disable DHT.

.TP
.BI "--encryption"
\- Enable encryption.

.TP
.BI "--no-encryption"
\- Disable encryption.

.TP
.BI "-v"
\- Be verbose.

.TP
.BI "-h|--help"
\- Print a short help.

.SH FILES
See btg_config(1).

.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP 
See btg_config(1).

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Wojciechowski.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
btg(5), btg_config(5), btgui(1), btgdaemon(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
