.TH BTG_CONFIG 5 "04 Feb 2006"
.SH NAME
btg config

.SH DESCRIPTION
This document describes the configuration files used by the daemon and clients.

.SH LOCATION
The default daemon config is named "daemon.ini" and is located in "~/.btg". 
The clients use "client.ini", also located in "~/.btg".

.SH FORMAT
All config files used by btg uses the same format as Windows ini files.

The general format is:

<SECTION>

<KEY> = <VALUE>

Whitespace between the key and value is ignored.

Lines beginning with ";" are comments.

.SH DAEMON CONFIG

.SS
Section "transport"
.TP
default        \- default transport between btgdaemon and client. Choice between "tcpip", "stcpip", "xml-rpc", "sxml-rpc".

.SS
Section "network"
.TP
listen-to      \- IPv4:port. Where network transports (tcpip, stcpip, xml-rpc and sxml-rpc) will be listening.
.TP
torrent-range  \- integer:integer. Which ports to use use for torrent communication and DHT. The daemon will not start unless two ports are available.
.TP
torrent-ip     \- IPv4 or IPv6 address. Libtorrent listens to this address.
.TP
use-upnp       \- True/false. Enable/disable UPnP (if support for it was selected at compile time).
.TP
upnp-ip        \- IPv4 address. Issued to the UPnP-capable gateway as internal address.

.SS
Section "tls"
.TP 
ca-cert        \- A filename, containing a TLS CA certificate.

.TP 
cert           \- A filename, containing a TLS daemon certificate.

.TP 
cert-privkey   \- A filename, containing a TLS daemon private key.

.SS
Section "logging"
.TP
type           \- Log type. Choice between: "stdout", "file", "syslog".
.TP
filename       \- If file logging was selected, filename to write the log to.

.SS
Section "encryption"
.TP
policy-in      \- input policy. Choice between: force|enable|disable.
.TP
policy-out     \- output policy. Choice between: force|enable|disable.
.TP
level          \- encryption level. Choice between: plaintext|rc4|both.
.TP
prefer-rc4     \- indicates if using rc4 is prefered. Choice between: true|false.

.SS
Section "misc"
.TP
proxy            \- IPv4:port. If you want to use a proxy for track communication, place it here.
.TP
filter           \- Filename from wich IPv4 addresses are read from. See "filter_type".
.TP
filter_type      \- Format of the above file. Choice between: "level1" and "emule".
.TP
use-torrent-name \- True/false. Enable/disable using torrent names (as stored in the torrent file) instead of torrent file names.
.TP
peer-id          \- String. Override the Peer ID.
.TP
user-agent       \- String. Override the user agent sent to tracker.
.TP
pidfile          \- String. PID-file name (file to write the PID to)
.TP
announce-ip      \- String, representing IPv4 or IPv6 address. Tell trackers to use this address instead of the one specified using torrent-ip.
.TP
allocation-mode  \- Choice: sparse, full, compact.

sparse: all pieces will be written to the place where they belong and sparse files will be used. This is the recommended, and default mode.

full: all pieces will be allocated, zeroes will be written to the files, before the data is downloaded and written to the file. This might be useful for filesystems that don't support sparse files)

compact: the storage will grow as more pieces are downloaded, and pieces are rearranged to finally be in their correct places once the entire torrent has been downloaded.

.SS
Section "auth"
.TP
passwd-file      \- Filename of the password file used by the daemon. See btgpasswd(1).

.SS
Section "limit"
The limits in this section will apply to all sessions independent of how many torrents are running. If multiple sessions are running each will have this limit, the limits are NOT shared between SESSIONS, only between torrents in a session.
.TP
upload_rate_limit     \- Max session-global upload rate in bytes per second.
.TP
download_rate_limit   \- Max session-global download rate in bytes per second.
.TP
max_uploads           \- Max session-global number of connected uploads. 
.TP
max_connections       \- Max session-global number connections (when downloading).

.SS
Section "savesessions"
Sessionsaving is an compile time optional feature in BTG (and can also be disabled from configuration file). It can be used to store information about all running sessions when btg is exited, and periodicly specified by timeout. If enabled, it will save any running sessions and state information about all torrents. Upload/download counters will be saved to, so ratio calculation can be performed even if we restart the daemon. Any settings for the torrent, including run state, limits etc will be saved here. The .torrent file will be removed from the temporary dir and saved in the session save file together with fast-resume data.
.TP
enable         \- Choice: "true" or "false".
.TP
filename       \- In which file we should save running sessions.
.TP
timeout        \- How often to save the sessions (in seconds).

.SS
Section "runas"
Run the daemon as another user/group.
.TP
user         \- Name of the user the daemon should run as.
.TP
group        \- Name of the group the daemon should run as.

.SH EXAMPLE DAEMON CONFIG
.nf
[transport]
default=tcpip

[network]
listen-to=127.0.0.1:16000
torrent-range=10024:11240

[logging]
type=file
filename=/var/log/btgdaemon.log

[misc]
proxy=192.168.0.1:8118
pidfile=/var/run/btgdaemon.pid

[savesessions]
enable=true
filename=~/.btg/daemon.save

[limit]
upload_rate_limit = 40960
download_rate_limit 409600
max_uploads = -1
max_connections = 100

.fi 

.SH CLIENT CONFIG
.SS Section "transport"
.TP
default        \- Choice between "tcpip", "stcpip", "xml-rpc", "sxml-rpc".
.SS Section "network"
.TP
daemon-address \- IPv4:port pair. If a network transport (tcpip, stcpip, xml-rpc or sxml-rpc) is used, this is where we should try to connect to the daemon.
.SS
Section "logging"
.TP
type           \- Log type. Choice between: "stdout", "file", "syslog".
.TP
filename       \- If file logging was selected, filename to write the log to.
.SS
Section "Misc"
.TP
leech-mode     \- Choice between "true" or "false".
.TP
never-ask      \- Never ask the user any questions. Choice between "true" or "false".
.SS
Section "auth"
.TP
username       \- The username used for accessing the daemon.
.TP
password-hash  \- The hash of the password used for accessing the daemon.

.SH EXAMPLE CLIENT CONFIG
.nf
[transport]
default=tcpip

[network]
daemon-address=127.0.0.1:16000

[logging]
type=file
filename=/tmp/btg_client.log

[misc]
leech-mode=false
.fi

.SH FILES
.TP
~/.btg/daemon.ini - the daemon configuration file.
.TP
~/.btg/client.ini - the client configuration file.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Wojciechowski and Johan Strom.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
btg(5), btgdaemon(5), btgpasswd(1), btgcli(1), btgui(1)
