.TH BTGVS 1 "02 December 2007"
.SH NAME
btgvs \- session viewer, a part of the btg project.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "btgvs" 
[-h]
[-v] 
[--syntax]
[-s 
.I "<session ID>"
]
[-d]
[-a]
[-A]
[-f]
[-x]
[-l]
[-u
.I "<freq>"
]
[--config 
.I "<filename>"
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "btgvs" 
is a session viewer.

If started without any arguments, it will attempt to connect to the
daemon (btgdaemon) and attach to the first available session.

The application can be useful to for example show the status of a
session on for example a linux based media player.

The application supports two resolutions and full screen mode. It can
be terminated by pressing the escape key.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BI "-h|--help"
\- Print a short help.

.TP
.BI "-v"
\- Be verbose.

.TP
.BI "-s" 
.I "<session ID>"
\- Attach to a session described by the session ID.

.TP
.BI "-d" 
.I "<address>"
\- Use <address> to connect to the daemon.

.TP
.BI "-a" 
\- Show a list of sessions and let the user choose which session to attach to.

.TP
.BI "-A" 
\- Attach to the first available session.

.TP
.BI "-l" 
\- Use 1024x768 as the screen resolution.

.TP
.BI "-x" 
\- Use 1440x900 as the screen resolution.

.TP
.BI "-f" 
\- Full screen mode.

.TP
.BI "-u <freq>" 
\- Update the list of torrents every <freq> seconds.

.TP
.BI "--config" 
.I "<filename>"
\- Name of a client configuration file to use.

.SH LIRC

If LIRC support was enabled at compile time, the following LIRC events are supported.

.TP
.BI "quit"
\- quit the application.

.TP 
.BI "enter"
\- enter a submenu (not used).

.TP
.BI "back"
\- exit a submenu (not used).

.TP 
.BI "right"
\- not used.

.TP 
.BI "left"
\- not used.

.TP 
.BI "up"
\- move one line up.

.TP 
.BI "down"
\- move one line down.

.SH EXAMPLE .lircrc

.nf
begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = ps
        config = quit
end

begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = enter
        config = enter
end

begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = circle
        config = back
end

begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = right
        config = right
end
begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = left
        config = left
end

begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = up
        config = up
end

begin
        prog = btgvs
        button = down
        config = down
end
.fi

.SH FILES
See btg_config(1).

.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP 
See btg_config(1).

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Wojciechowski.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
btg(5), btg_config(5), btcli(1), btgui(1), btgdaemon(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
